Add Meta WG (#11)
rust-lang/compiler-team: working-groups/meta/README.md

# Meta Working Group
![working group status: active][status]

This working group is dedicated to fleshing out the details of how the compiler team will organize itself.

> - **Leads:** [@nikomatsakis][nikomatsakis]

Reviewer: This needs updated.

Author: :smile:

- **Meeting Notes:** [All](NOTES.md)

[status]: https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge

## What is the goal of this working group?

> This working group aims to accomplish the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This working group aims to discuss and answer the following unresolved questions:
```

Author: Done.

# Meta Working Group
![working group status: active][status]

> This working group is dedicated to fleshout details of how the compiler team will organize itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This working group is dedicated to fleshing out the details of how the compiler team will organize itself.
```

Author: Done.

- **Leads:** [@nikomatsakis][nikomatsakis]
- **Meeting Notes:** [All](NOTES.md)

[status]: https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge

## What is the goal of this working group?
This working group aims to accomplish the following:

- Organizing working groups
- Organizing rustc calendar
- Organizing videos and lectures

> - Organizing communication between members

Reviewer: If they are reworded slightly, this might actually be a good spot to put the "big list of ideas" that the working group wants to think about and consider (from the meeting paper document).

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should create a ROADMAP.md and try to put information there -- or else link to a dropbox paper. One or the other really.

Author: Yeah, a ROADMAP.md file looks good.

Author: Done.

# How can I get involved?
If you are interested in getting involved in this working group, you should try attend a meeting and
introduce yourself or send a message in the Zulip stream. You can be added to the GitHub and Zulip

> group for the working group if you are interested in being pinged when there are available tasks.

Reviewer: Perhaps remove the last sentence about being added to the GitHub and Zulip groups as I'm not sure that this applies to the meta working group?

Reviewer 2: We do have a Zulip user group

Reviewer: 🤦‍♂️
